Action
Action ID
Action initiated successfully. Files deleted.
Action initiated successfully. Show frozen data?
Action initiated successfully. Show unfrozen data?
Actions may not be performed on root project folders.
An unknown error occurred.
Be absolutely sure you want to delete all files within the selected folder before proceeding.
Be absolutely sure you want to delete the file before proceeding.
Be absolutely sure you want to freeze the file before proceeding.
Be absolutely sure you want to freeze the folder before proceeding.
Be absolutely sure you want to unfreeze all files within the selected folder before proceeding.
Be absolutely sure you want to unfreeze the file before proceeding.
Cancel
Checksum
Cleared
Close
Completed
Delete
Deleted files will no longer be accessible to other services, making all external references to them invalid. All replicated copies of deleted files will be removed.
Deleting will entirely remove all files within the selected folder from the service.
Deleting will entirely remove the selected file from the service.
Depending on the amount of data, the background operations may still take several hours.
Depending on the amount of data, the background operations may take several hours.
Do you wish to proceed?
Do you wish to view the data in its frozen location?
Do you wish to view the data in its staging location?
Error fetching file details
Error fetching frozen file details
Error fetching pending actions
Error fetching project title
Failed
Failed Actions
File Checksums Generated
File Count
File ID
File IDs Generated
File Metadata Stored
Files Replicated
File Storage Updated
Freeze
Freezing will move all files within the selected folder to the frozen area, making all files read-only and visible to other services.
Freezing will move the selected file to the frozen area, making it read-only and visible to other services.
Frozen
Frozen files will be replicated to separate physical storage to guard against loss of data due to hardware failure.
Initiated
Modified
No
Node Type
not shown
OK
Once initiated, the progress of the action can be checked from the Pending Actions view.
One or more files included in the specified action belong to a dataset. Proceeding with the specified action will permanently deprecate the datasets listed below.
Pathname
Pending
Pending Actions
Project
... remainder of files not shown ...
Retried by
RETRY
Retry of
Scope
Size
Staging
The action cannot be terminated before it is complete.
The action will initiate several background operations.
The data has been successfully frozen and moved to the frozen project space.
The data has been successfully unfrozen and moved back to the project staging space.
The files have been successfully deleted.
The frozen file will be replicated to separate physical storage to guard against loss of data due to hardware failure.
The initiated action is
THIS ACTION CANNOT BE UNDONE!
Unfreeze
Unfreezing will move all files within the selected folder back to the staging area, making them fully editable.
Unfreezing will move the selected file back to the staging area, making it fully editable.
Unfrozen files will no longer be accessible to other services, making all external references to them invalid. All replicated copies of unfrozen files will be removed.
Uploaded
User
Warning: Datasets will be deprecated!
Yes
